Dominique Pozo: He wondering if I can come do some laundry in
Dominique Pozo: Hi there.
Dominique Pozo: Hi, can you hear me.
Erika Romero: Yeah. How are you, Dominic
Dominique Pozo: I'm doing well. How's it going with you.
Erika Romero: I'm doing okay doing okay.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: So what would you like to focus on today.
Erika Romero: So, um,
Erika Romero: This week was a was a pretty difficult week for me. Um,
Erika Romero: You remember I told you about my daughter and how my daughter's an addict and
Erika Romero: I just found out that
Erika Romero: She was, she was sober. UM, WE BROUGHT HER UP HERE WHEN SHE WAS A after she had a my last granddaughter. We had brought her to our house and
Erika Romero: She was so over for a while and then her night got into it and I had to evict her
Erika Romero: However, so she got into a program that
Erika Romero: Helps with pregnant pregnant and pregnant women that are addicted and women who have children that you know are
Erika Romero: Who are recovering
Erika Romero: And so they helped her get an apartment and stuff and
Erika Romero: Come to find out this last week this last week was just really tough because not only was did I find out about my daughter, but then I found out about my niece, too. And we'll get into that in a minute.
Erika Romero: I found out my sister had come to town. She lives in San Antonio and
Erika Romero: She
Erika Romero: She stayed with my daughter for a few days and I guess they had gotten into a fight.
Erika Romero: Over drugs or something or another. And I guess. So I guess my daughter's back on drugs again and
Erika Romero: I'm my granddaughter is in the middle of all of that and
Erika Romero: Then I found out about
Erika Romero: My niece. I told you I had raised her
Erika Romero: Like she's my daughter I raised her since she was a little, little girl. She was probably about three or four WHEN I GOT CUSTODY OF HER.
Erika Romero: And so
Erika Romero: I just found out because she had left her for her abusive boyfriend and they are addicts also
Erika Romero: And I had found out that she because for Easter I had been trying to get in touch with her to find out about her, you know, spending Easter with us and
Erika Romero: And I didn't hear from her my niece and I didn't hear from her. And I, and I didn't hear from her. So I finally contacted her dad and her dad told me that she went back to her boyfriend.
Erika Romero: So she's got a little girl, and they're both the two babies are about the same age. They're just a couple months apart.
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: And so it's been really hard for me to deal with that situation of both situations because I'm
Erika Romero: You know, I don't know how to
Erika Romero: I don't even know what to do anymore, you know,
Erika Romero: And the girls are grown they're adults and
Erika Romero: All I can say on on there. And is that, you know, they're grown and they have to make their own decisions and they have to
Erika Romero: Make their own statements.
Erika Romero: But
Erika Romero: What scares me is that they have these two babies.
Erika Romero: In the middle of all of this. Yeah, and I feel so I feel so helpless because
Erika Romero: Because I already lost two granddaughters
Erika Romero: To the state in
Erika Romero: And I just know that that's where I wanted me out. Ultimately, this is going to head.
Erika Romero: With my granddaughter.
Erika Romero: And once the and my daughter and I aren't speaking. So there's no chance in hell. She's gonna do the smart thing and give you know let me have her and give her a chance to have, you know, her sister and her life.
Dominique Pozo: How do you know that have you have you checked.
Erika Romero: My daughter is a very vindictive very does
Erika Romero: Evil human being when she's when she's getting high and I'm
Erika Romero: We've we tried to contact her and she won't she won't
Erika Romero: She won't answer us
Erika Romero: Um,
Erika Romero: But the last person that my daughter wants her children with his me when she's in this in this situation.
Erika Romero: And I'm which which makes it really hard because I've, I've really done everything that I could to try to be there for her and support her and and her in her girls.
Erika Romero: But that's why I lost the other two because
Erika Romero: Her way of
Erika Romero: Getting even with me or, or, you know, I'm getting the last word, so to speak, is by using the kids, you know, and the kids. She because she knows that that's the very heart of me.
Erika Romero: And she would rather she would rather have the kids in CPS custody, then
Erika Romero: Have them with me and
Erika Romero: And that's just, that's just all been vindictiveness. That's all it is. Because I've never done anything to warrant that kind of feeling or that kind of behavior for her.
Erika Romero: But everything that goes wrong in her life. It's my fault in her eyes, you know, and so the best way to get even with me is to
Erika Romero: Is to use the kids against me.
Erika Romero: And so I'm
Erika Romero: You know, I'm scared that that's that's where we're headed. And because
Erika Romero: Then, because I am I lost my, to my two oldest boys.
Erika Romero: I can't get them from the state once they go into states custody. That's it.
Erika Romero: I can't get custody of them from the state.
Erika Romero: That's why when I'm when my granddaughter, the one that I have cuz
Erika Romero: When I WHEN I GOT CUSTODY OF HER. I GOT CUSTODY OF HER before
Erika Romero: She before that chance ever came about. You know what I mean, because I knew that. That's where that was heading to
Erika Romero: Because my daughter was using his drugs, all the way up until the end of her pregnancy, all the way through a pregnancy.
Erika Romero: And so on, she was out on the streets and
So,
Erika Romero: I knew that that was the only way that I would get custody of her was to make sure that I intervene before they had a chance to get their
Erika Romero: Their, their hands on her.
Dominique Pozo: So, so I mean I'm hearing a tremendous amount of grief and loss and just, it seems to be touching a really tender place and
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering what you need, what you can give yourself during this time where it seems like you're, you're kind of powerless around some things at the moment.
Dominique Pozo: I
Erika Romero: Mean I don't, I don't really know. Because right now, this is just so I'm
Erika Romero: So, so a new. You know what I mean. This is such a new situation.
Erika Romero: As, as far as like, you know, I'm
Erika Romero: Fresh, you know,
Erika Romero: And it really don't know how to how to manage it right now.
Erika Romero: I really don't. I don't know how to process everything that's going on.
Erika Romero: It just scares me because these girls are dragging these these babies through this
Erika Romero: And they just, they just deserve so much better.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: It sounds very painful that this
Dominique Pozo: Story keeps getting resurrected for you around for, you know, it started with your two boys and then it's happened with your other granddaughter, and now
Dominique Pozo: It's just feels like a story that's repeating itself. That's very painful.
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Erika Romero: Like it was. Yeah, that's the thing is that, is it just like what are those nightmares.
Erika Romero: That you know you have night after night that don't go away.
Dominique Pozo: Is this taking away from your attention and presence with the grand daughter that you are
Dominique Pozo: Able to we're able to
Erika Romero: A matter of fact that's I think that's
Erika Romero: Really that I really try to focus more on
Erika Romero: In trying to focus that it is that her into something that's positive for her because, you know, these, these kids just deserve better.
Erika Romero: And so I try to make it into something positive, but
Erika Romero: It's something that that I've just been dealing with the, you know, all week long. I just don't in it.
Erika Romero: It directs a lot of anxiety for me.
Erika Romero: Because I don't like that helpless feeling yeah that powerless feeling
Erika Romero: When I when I lost my voice.
Erika Romero: Was that was the hardest thing I've ever been through my life.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
And I
Erika Romero: Had to learn how to cope with that.
Erika Romero: And I had to learn how to
Erika Romero: Because I really got steamrolled by this system.
Erika Romero: And at that time.
Erika Romero: That was a very helpless from for me a very
Erika Romero: Because I was on my own. I didn't have anybody to support me. I had no family. I had, I had nothing, it was just me, myself and I, and so I had to learn how to
Erika Romero: How to do dependent on myself and notes and like I said in group yesterday. My therapist. Once I got into therapy.
Erika Romero: She became my backbone.
Erika Romero: And so she helped me to learn how to
Erika Romero: To to be strong and
Erika Romero: Not to feel not to be so helpless, you know,
Erika Romero: And so I am
Erika Romero: I think I told you last week that
Erika Romero: For me it's easier just to throw people out of my life rather than do
Erika Romero: Field let them hurt me.
Know,
Erika Romero: And I think
Erika Romero: That stems from that.
Erika Romero: From being that powerless person. You know what I mean. And and defending myself and and standing on my own two feet, and I
Erika Romero: Because I decided I wasn't, I wasn't gonna let people hurt me anymore.
Erika Romero: And so now when I feel like this in this is that this is what my dog gets out of here. You know, this is what she she thrives off of is knowing that this is how I feel, you know,
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: Then I've cut off communication with her because I got tired of her
Erika Romero: Doing that, to me, you know, in
Erika Romero: Playing on my emotions and
Erika Romero: And and hurt taking from me that power that I've learned
Erika Romero: Over the years to to stand firm upon you know that that straight than that.
Erika Romero: But, um,
Erika Romero: You know that those are my grandbabies and so it makes it
Erika Romero: It makes it to where I can't you know most people I can just say, okay, what whatever I don't care you know
Erika Romero: But these are my grandbabies and
Erika Romero: And I do care. You know, and I think the thing that bothers me the most is that this is literally. This is what my daughter thrives on, you know, this is what
Erika Romero: She gets her kicks off of is to know that this is how I feel that this is what she's making me feel because if I'm not bending to her and giving her everything that she wants regard regardless of what it is.
Erika Romero: Um,
Erika Romero: Would you excuse me for just a second. Let me grab a tissue. Okay.
Erika Romero: I'm sorry Domini
Dominique Pozo: That's okay.
Dominique Pozo: I just wanna
Dominique Pozo: I want to just reflect back what I'm hearing I'm hearing that you've made some really conscious choices to
Dominique Pozo: You know, allow who around who you allow into your life and how much you allow them in and sounds like you've been doing, you know, you've been doing your work around setting boundaries with your daughter and not letting her in so close because you know what that results in
Erika Romero: Yeah, yeah. And that's hard for it that that's hard just normally as a parent, you know, to, to distance yourself yeah and and to put those boundaries in place, but
Erika Romero: Over the years, I mean that she hasn't given me any other option, you know, I've because I've tried and tried and tried with her.
Erika Romero: And
Erika Romero: So I've had to figure out how I can protect myself.
Erika Romero: And and the best way that I can protect myself is by
Erika Romero: Cutting her out of my life because she's just so painful for me, you know, I'm
Erika Romero: At work costs. It's my grandchildren.
Erika Romero: Grandchildren are the ones that are always in middle of this. I mean, my daughter had my
Erika Romero: granddaughter literally snatched out of my arms by CPS because
Erika Romero: Because I kicked her out of my house for using drugs.
Erika Romero: So her way to get even with me was to take the baby.
Erika Romero: Because I wasn't gonna let her do my house. And so now she's doing it with this baby to
Erika Romero: You know, and it like I don't know if I told you but you know it took me a while, a few months because my daughter was here after this, this baby was born.
Erika Romero: She was there for about six, six or seven months.
Erika Romero: And I think probably the first three, three months or three or four months. I didn't have much to do with the baby at all and
Erika Romero: And it was that was a hard
Erika Romero: hard choice for me. But it wasn't really a conscious decision, it wasn't something that I said, Okay, I'm not gonna have anything to do with Eva because
Erika Romero: I'M A, B, or C. I. I think that was a subconscious kind of decision.
Erika Romero: Um,
Erika Romero: Because that that was my safe card. You know what I mean. And
Erika Romero: And then, of course, I let my guard down and and I started getting attached to the baby and
Erika Romero: Then, no, you know, we're back at the same we're back in the same place. You know what I mean it.
Erika Romero: Back in the same boat went with her and
Erika Romero: We ended up having to kick her out again because she
Erika Romero: She says she starts huge fights with me over the most my new things and she starts getting very physical and so call the police and
Erika Romero: Yeah, she'll sit and or I'll call the police and have them at try to get them to escort her off the premises.
Erika Romero: And she'll stand in the background screaming at me screaming. Don't hit me. You're going to hit me. Don't hit me. I have the baby at my hands, you know, that kind of stuff you know and and
Erika Romero: Where I'm not even at that point. You know what I mean, where I'm hitting her I don't hit her. Um, I don't. And I would never even dream of hitting her with a baby in her hand, you know,
Erika Romero: Um, but, uh, she's done that to me on on a couple of occasions where I've tried to call the cost of her escorted because she's elevated to that.
Erika Romero: To that point where I can't handle her anymore, and she will literally the last, the last time she was here, she even hurt herself. I don't know what she did.
Erika Romero: But she put scratches on herself and when the cops GOT THERE SHE TRIED TO TELL THE COPS THAT I did that to her.
Erika Romero: And I had to show them my hands and and stuff and show them. I didn't, you know, I don't have any marks on me.
Erika Romero: You know, and there's no way in hell that she's gonna allow me to stay hit her and Bruce her up. She bang your head on something and gave herself a knock on her head and scratches on her arm and she did all that to herself.
Erika Romero: And here I am with her daughter and without even thinking about what would happen to that to my granddaughter. You know what I mean, if it took me to jail.
Erika Romero: It was something that she was trying to do so that she could get even with me. You know what I mean. For for throwing her out, you know, and everything. That's the only way that she knows how to destroy me us through my children or through my grandchildren. I'm sorry.
Dominique Pozo: So Erica. So I have a question. So this sounds like not it's not changing. This is what's going on, it's not changing. What can you do to continue
Dominique Pozo: Making the change from your own self, and in your life and it doesn't take away the deep pain, but I'm just wondering is there. What would you like to do with all, you know, how would you like to move forward with all of this.
Erika Romero: All right, I, to be honest with you, I really don't know.
Erika Romero: I don't know. I mean, for me, I'll eventually get get through this. You know what I mean it. This is just all so new and then you know I have both of both of the girls that are
Erika Romero: Making some really stupid choices right now. And like I said, I really don't care what they do with their lives, they're growing their, their grownups you know 2526 years old. They're already grown up. I can't fix their lives. I can't direct their lives anymore. I've done my job and so
Erika Romero: What they do with their own selves, that's their problem. What bothers me is the fact that they're dragging these babies through this and
Erika Romero: That and it's such a, you know, it kind of seems like it was like us on both sides, you know,
Erika Romero: And this news came from about both the girls within just two days of each other, you know, and it like floored me and
Erika Romero: You know, and at that point. That's just what I felt so so helpless.
Erika Romero: Been scared.
Dominique Pozo: Scared for the little ones.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well,
Erika Romero: I don't want to see. I don't. I honestly, I do not want to see another one of my grandchildren.
Erika Romero: Be taken into custody yet.
Erika Romero: I just, I just don't want that ever
Dominique Pozo: Is there anything that you imagine you can do to to prevent that from happening.
Erika Romero: I don't know. I don't know what I can do, and that that's that's the biggest. That's the biggest problem, you know, because neither one of them are going to are going to bend right now, you know, and say oh yeah you know the right decision is
Erika Romero: You know, send the baby to go live with my with my mom, you know,
Erika Romero: Of all the people out in the world, you know, because I'm the baby to go live. My mom. Yeah. Right. You know,
Erika Romero: But knowing that that would, you know, ultimate ultimately be the best decision.
Erika Romero: She could make for that, that the ABM but that that's for both of the girls, you know, the my granddaughter.
Erika Romero: My little granddaughter is my daughter's meal ticket you know she gets she gets benefits to the states through the states. If you don't have email. She has nothing
Erika Romero: She has nothing to acknowledge it can't be in that program. She can't be in that apartment.
Erika Romero: So her, you know,
Erika Romero: Yeah, even as her meal ticket and she hasn't, you know, she doesn't know who the baby status. She has no idea so
Erika Romero: You know, there's not even a father to step in the picture and say, you know, let me get custody of his baby ensure ensure write this out all the way until the end. And then before you know it, she'll be the baby up and states custody.
Erika Romero: You know, and then by that time, it's
Erika Romero: Too late for me, you know, because I can't, I can't go to the state, regardless of what changes I've made in my life or or show, you know how well taken care of my granddaughter is, you know, they don't give a crap. All they all they care about it is, is 28 years ago.
Erika Romero: You know, a file was made.
Erika Romero: You know where they took my children.
Erika Romero: It wasn't because of abuse. It was because I was a drug addict and I wasn't able to properly care for for them at that time. So neglect. That's something that can be fixed and and was fixed. And so, you know, but all they see is a file.
Erika Romero: That's it.
Dominique Pozo: Huh. So this, this sounds like
Dominique Pozo: A situation that is not
Dominique Pozo: You can't really do much at this point. So what can you do for yourself. This next week.
Dominique Pozo: Sounds like you're still kind of in shock and processing everything that's going on. Yeah.
Erika Romero: I don't know it. Like I said, it's something that are going to have to deal with.
Erika Romero: But it's all just so new.
Erika Romero: I mean, and so
Erika Romero: eventually get through it. You know, I just
Erika Romero: Until then, until then I'm
Erika Romero: Just something that's going to be sitting on my plate for a while, you know,
Erika Romero: But eventually I'll get through that I'm not one to two
Erika Romero: To relapse.
Erika Romero: Or fall back go backwards. That's not me.
Erika Romero: So you know I don't want you to worry about that.
Erika Romero: Well,
Erika Romero: It's just like I said, it's just also news. Oh, it's just
Dominique Pozo: Some, yeah. You're in
Erika Romero: My mind right now and that that okay that's just whirling, you know, and
Dominique Pozo: But
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I'm wondering, and I know this is kind of off the, the kind of the crisis of what's going on, but
Dominique Pozo: Have you journaled at all in the last week or so and
Erika Romero: I have it. I have it.
Erika Romero: I know I probably shared it and
Erika Romero: I don't know, I've never really been much oh one on journaling and so
Erika Romero: I've never been one that's had a diary or a journal or, you know, that kind of stuff. He knows growing up.
Erika Romero: I'm
Erika Romero: I'm just hearing
Erika Romero: It is kind of hard to get into that habit, you know,
Erika Romero: Putting putting stuff down on paper.
Dominique Pozo: And just hearing such
Erika Romero: Pain and
Dominique Pozo: I'm
Dominique Pozo: I was going to say, I'm just hearing too much pain. I am wondering if you know just having the journal to write in whenever you feel a big wave or flood coming through.
Dominique Pozo: You know if that would be a good outlet for you to be able to, you know, let it out and keep processing through it not holding it in
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Erika Romero: I can try.
Erika Romero: That I don't know how much of a promise. I can make
Erika Romero: It just, it's not one of those things that comes natural. For me, it's me when I deal with things I deal with them differently and
Erika Romero: I'm writing them down isn't isn't something that I've ever done. Like I said, so it would have to be something that I would have to kind of get used to, you know, get into the habit of doing
Erika Romero: But I can try.
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering too. I've noticed the two times that will first when I mentioned journaling, then you talked about it.
Dominique Pozo: Your hand went right to your neck and and I'm just wondering if you can bring it back there. And I'm curious because the body holds so much information and
Dominique Pozo: And I've been watching you kind of rub your neck like this. And I'm wondering, what if you place your hand there and just sit with it. What's going on, what's going on in there.
Erika Romero: That's my tension.
Erika Romero: Tension spot. So when I get when I get stressed. That's where you know that's huge. Usually, where I grab ahold of that or the back of my neck is, you know, and I don't know if that's just kind of like that.
Erika Romero: That place where I kind of just squeeze or if that's where my attention is coming from. But I've noticed that about me, too, is that whenever I get stressed. That's where my head goes back here.
Erika Romero: To the back of my neck.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, let's see if you can we put your hand back there and just take a moment and
Dominique Pozo: Take a few deep breaths holding holding that part of your neck. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Just imagine you know if there was like a healing color.
Dominique Pozo: Imagine that you're kind of infusing your next space with that healing color. What would that be, and really take your time and using your breath.
Dominique Pozo: So as you're inhaling imagining the color and as you exhale, imagine that color spreading through your neck.
Dominique Pozo: And then while you're here, just if your neck could speak. Would it just keep your hand there and it says. It says, if your hand is listening. If your neck could speak, would it say anything.
Erika Romero: I think it would say
Erika Romero: That
Erika Romero: There's a lot going on that.
Erika Romero: That I'm your support.
Erika Romero: Your support between your, your head and your
Erika Romero: And your body, your art.
Erika Romero: Color is
Erika Romero: Like a teal blue
Dominique Pozo: What does that bring up as you do all that.
Erika Romero: I just get tired of being drugs and
Dominique Pozo: Who can you turn to, to kind of hold you up.
Erika Romero: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: Doesn't sound like your husband. This is the kind of support that you're needing right now is that I carry other
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Erika Romero: I tried to talk to him about it the other day, and next thing I know is
Erika Romero: I gotta go feed the dogs.
Erika Romero: Don't know if he just doesn't know how
Dominique Pozo: So, am I correct me if I'm wrong, but what I'm also hearing is that you're kind of alone in this. Right now you don't have
Dominique Pozo: Kind of like
Dominique Pozo: Maybe day to day deep support that would be really helpful right now.
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Yeah.
Erika Romero: But that
Erika Romero: That's why I always have to learn how to depend on myself and be that that strength for me because
Erika Romero: Whether or not. I've been in a marriage or or whatever that so always been to, I could depend on most
Erika Romero: I'm the only one that understands you know
Erika Romero: These kids ate his, you know, so he doesn't have any emotional connection to my daughter or
Erika Romero: My
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: But it doesn't sound like he's able to offer you much empathy right now, either.
Erika Romero: My mom. My mom is such a basket case that when I try to talk to her. I can't even get an a word in edgewise. She has to
Erika Romero: talk talk talk talk talk talk over everybody and
Erika Romero: She don't do much listened either, but that's always been my mom so
Erika Romero: That's nothing new.
Erika Romero: But, as usual, I'll be okay. Our through it, you know.
Erika Romero: I just thanks for letting me
Erika Romero: Fit.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm wondering, I think. Switching gears might be a good thing. And I'm wondering if you can grab a pen and a paper. If you have Microsoft cramps or something. I
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering, I'd love to see what the part of you that does take care of yourself. What does she look like. Let's get a visual for her.
Dominique Pozo: So you can really call on her when you need her. You can really call on her and it can be it can be it can look like you. It could be an animal that could be a whole other
Dominique Pozo: Image, but just really take a moment and think into a few consider that part that holds you because sounds like
Dominique Pozo: You don't have anyone else to right now. So that part that you can depend on. That's really strong and big and and capable. What does she look like, or he maybe it's a masculine part of you. Who knows.
Dominique Pozo: And after you illustrate this part, maybe just write a few words around like, you know, describing her to
Erika Romero: Are you ready
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yes.
Erika Romero: I can, I can show you if I turn it sideways.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, yeah. Wow. Well, you tell me about her.
Erika Romero: Okay, so
Erika Romero: These parts up on the top here and here. I don't know if I can
Erika Romero: Hear in here. This is kind of like that electric part of me know that part where that
Erika Romero: Yeah, electrifying kind of thought process comes out around her is like a box. Okay. And on the side here is
Erika Romero: Our little like real
Erika Romero: Wavy lines. And so that's kind of like that pressure coming in. So the box around her is
Erika Romero: Is that, is that protection is that
Erika Romero: Those, those barriers from the pressure coming in from
Erika Romero: From the
Erika Romero: You know those
Erika Romero: electrifying thoughts you know the the box around her is more like that safeguard your hair standing up because I, she's a little bit on the wild side.
Erika Romero: Matt scientists kind of
Erika Romero: gives her that
Erika Romero: makes her
Erika Romero: That crazy, crazy part of her
Erika Romero: That the hands holding that all that back. You know what I mean. And so that that's kind of what she looks like right
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Erika Romero: So that's that anxiety that stress that madness. That's kind of coming from her, I guess.
Erika Romero: And she's trying to protect herself, and that's where she is in her little box.
Dominique Pozo: From her neck down if you could write what message does she have any like words of wisdom or some sort of message for you.
Erika Romero: Um,
Erika Romero: See
Erika Romero: I don't know if you'll be able to read it because it's in pencil, but it says you are strong and brave nothing in you can be broken. That can't be fixed.
Huh.
Dominique Pozo: Huh.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think you know what what's happening in your world is just, it's so big and it's so much and it's it's it's gonna
Dominique Pozo: I imagine continue to elicit suffering for you yet this voice is reminding you, okay, you've got the strength, you can get through this, you know, just a good reminder when it feels overwhelming, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Do you think it would be helpful to put her up in your mirror and just have her there to remind you, you know what, you carry the strength you carry
Erika Romero: Sure again.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Because, I mean, I imagine, Erica. This is heartbreaking. It's the biggest heartbreak. And so, you know, to just know that
Dominique Pozo: You have this other part of you that is
Dominique Pozo: Claiming her strength and her her limits and her
Boundaries.
Dominique Pozo: You've done a lot of work. I mean, to get to that.
Dominique Pozo: Place and to even have access to that is huge.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I agree.
Yeah.
Erika Romero: I guess it just, it's just kind of like
Erika Romero: Going back in time, you know, to me,
Erika Romero: That feels like
Erika Romero: Going back into a place that I fought so hard to come from.
Erika Romero: You know,
Dominique Pozo: It's kind of like a rewind.
Erika Romero: Yeah.
Erika Romero: When I lost my kids, it was, it was hard. It was the hardest thing.
Erika Romero: That I ever would do and
Erika Romero: And it keeps happening. And you know, I spent a lot year
Erika Romero: Reclaiming my life and
Erika Romero: Standing on my own two feet and becoming
Erika Romero: Who I am today and
Erika Romero: It almost felt like
Erika Romero: You know having to go through this with my daughter over and over. It sounds like
Erika Romero: That just kind of keeps bringing, bringing that all back you know
Erika Romero: Keeps trying to and keeps pulling me into this place that
Erika Romero: That I fought so hard to free myself from, you know,
Erika Romero: Then those feelings and emotion.
Erika Romero: But I think, I think the hardest part for me is just knowing that my daughter thinks so little of me that this is how she
Erika Romero: She thinks that it would be to get you with somebody, you know what I mean.
Erika Romero: And it wouldn't even her own children.
Erika Romero: Don't matter enough to her to
Erika Romero: To to take care of that. You know what I mean to write that.
Dominique Pozo: Very sick behavior. I mean to you want to use children to pretty much as you say a free meal ticket and then to really manipulate with them against you. It's, it's very sick behavior.
Erika Romero: Yeah, I know.
Erika Romero: Yeah, and that's, you know,
Erika Romero: Who knows if someday you know i i get reconnected with my grandchildren. You know, I don't know.
Erika Romero: How do how do you explain that to them. You know what I mean. Yeah, because she will. And so
Erika Romero: You know somebody's got to tell them you know they're going to want to know why they are, where they are. And, you know, why didn't. Why didn't I step in
Erika Romero: To be there for them, you know, and how do you explain that to a child, you know,
Erika Romero: OR LIKE MY GRANDDAUGHTER THAT I HAVE NOW YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, HOW DO I EXPLAIN THAT TO HER later on in her life as to why her sisters are here, you know,
Erika Romero: Yeah, I don't even know how to begin or were you know what words I would even use it and I've thought about that so often about
Erika Romero: About that, you know, I know. That's so far into the future.
Then
Erika Romero: maybe by the time she gets old enough to comprehend what what else going on.
Erika Romero: You know, show that maybe I won't have you know that I won't have already found the words and two, and I'm able to describe to her what happened but
Erika Romero: You know, how do you tell that to to a child, you know,
Erika Romero: That your mom cared so little about you that she let your sisters, go to CVS and, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I, I, I, actually, I'm not quite sure if it's that mom care so little about them mom is just completely, you know, taken by her addiction.
Dominique Pozo: At the moment, all that mom cares about is getting her fix, you know, and I think it's a different put weight place to put the focus that
Dominique Pozo: Is really difficult for a child to understand yet that's actually what's happening mom can't even be there for the kids because she can't be there for herself.
Erika Romero: Yeah, but that's not even that's not even the whole story. I mean, I could understand it. That was the story. You know what I mean.
Erika Romero: I mean she
Erika Romero: She's, she's deliberately taken these kids away from me you know and and even tried to have this one taken for me, just for out of revenge sake, you know, just to get even with me, you know, kind of sick person is that, you know, I can
Erika Romero: Play if it was just her if it was just her dicks. And I can say that, you know, while your mom was sick, she you know she wasn't added, but she's so far beyond that, you know, she's just such an evil person and and these kids are the ones they get stuck in the middle of it.
Erika Romero: So not only does it break my heart that these kids have to go to CPS but then you know it, it kills me to know that these kids are stuck in the middle of all this bullshit.
What
Dominique Pozo: Do you believe that the drugs have actually impacted her you know her make her cognition her mental capacity.
Erika Romero: Oh yeah so
Dominique Pozo: It's all connected. You know, you sure it's not just the addiction, yet I do believe that the drugs have damaged her centers of the brain that you know are able to have empathy and compassion and and actually extend past so
Erika Romero: I guess so.
Erika Romero: Yeah, you know, that's the thing is that
Erika Romero: And I would
Erika Romero: I beg to differ with you just a little bit because my daughter who hasn't
Erika Romero: It hasn't always been on crowds, but she's always been that kind of a vindictive person. You know what I mean.
Erika Romero: So I, I suppose, from the time she turned about 10 or 11 is when she started getting like that and
Erika Romero: The drugs have impacted that a whole lot, you know,
Erika Romero: But
Erika Romero: It's not just only the drugs, you know, for her.
Erika Romero: And I don't know. You know, I've had her in treatment. Over the years, I've had her in in therapy. I've had her in
Erika Romero: You name it. I've done it with her. You know what I mean.
Erika Romero: We never have been able to get to the root of the problem, you know, and it's more more so because she's refused to just follow through with anything. And so, you know, we start getting into her treatment and then
Erika Romero: Before you know it, she's run away or she's you know skipped out of the treatment facility or whatever.
Erika Romero: Um, and, you know, and then we're back to square one. So we never really got to the root of the problem with her, but she's always been like that.
Dominique Pozo: Even
Erika Romero: For me, I mean it's just
Erika Romero: It's just magnified that be bigger.
Erika Romero: Than drugs.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's it's exacerbated it for sure. Yeah, there's something going on.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, well, we have a few more minutes. Let's just if if you're willing to take a moment and just kind of make have some connection with your breath for a few
Dominique Pozo: Deep breaths cycles.
Dominique Pozo: Just filling your whole thoracic cavity with a big long, deep breath.
Dominique Pozo: And then as you exhale, if you want to really use that exhalation to kind of move that tension out of your neck.
Dominique Pozo: And then just think of one kind phrase, you can say to yourself something kind
Dominique Pozo: So before we pop off. I've got to get into a group. After this, um,
Dominique Pozo: What
Dominique Pozo: What day would you like to meet again.
Erika Romero: If Wednesday or Wednesday works for you. That's fine for me. I mean,
Erika Romero: I'm home all the time anyway so
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Well, let's see. So for next week, I would
Dominique Pozo: A good time would be
Dominique Pozo: Leaders better for you right
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Great. I think for 45 would be would be the best because Dr. A session at six. So shall we do for 45 okay
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great.
Dominique Pozo: I really am.
Dominique Pozo: Wishing
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Erika Romero: Tuesday.
Dominique Pozo: Sounds good. And don't forget to put that little picture up, put it up so you can remind yourself.
Erika Romero: Okay, thanks.
Bye bye.